*: use npm workspaces (#617)
epfml/disco: docs/ONBOARDING.md

```

* Because TypeScript needs to be transpiled to JavaScript, you need to rebuild the `discojs` folder every time you make any changes to it:
``` sh
npm -w ./discojs run build
```

> If you want to automate the building phase, you can use the watch script in every project that run the given script when changes are detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to automate the building phase, you can use the `watch` script to rebuild a module whenever changes are detected.
```

> As each of theses calls are non-terminating (theses are watching indefinitely), you'll need to run each in a different terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As each of those calls are non-terminating (they're watching indefinitely), you'll need to run each of them in a different terminal.
```
